! IMPORTANT CUTSCENES
? GAME SCENES
* NOTICES / ITEMS / IMPORTANT INFORMATION
TODO things I still need to modify or add i.e. sounds, graphics, items

Name your characters:
1 - Fin - PLAYER - POWER / Thrust
    Cane
    Shovel
    Soldier Spear
    
    HP, Fear

    Sometimes you have to do all of the things.


2 - Dexter - NEIGHBOR PSI / Slash
    Wood Wand
    Crafted Wooden Wand
    Soul Staff 

    HP, Magic

    The magic is inside of you.

3 - Violet - FRIEND STEALTH / Bow
    Black Bow - Arrow
    Green Bow - Arrow
    Yellow Bow - Arrow

    HP, Confidence

    Believe in yourself.
    

HP - Health
Fear - Toggles ability to fight
Magic - Abilities
Confidence - Toggles Precision



! PRELUDE - Character travels from town to the middle of the forest (show backseat with scrolling town->tunnel>forest-house). Message from phone. "THIS IS A TEST of the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. No action is needed." 


? SCENE 1 - Home

Character starts in room. Computer screen turns on. Game Setup Screen.
Start playing mini game, midway you receive 

* New Message! " Fin!!!! I can't believe you moved away! Things are getting crazy here, my parents are thinking about packing up too. They bought all this supplies...canned food and water EVERYWHERE i cant even get into my room. Had to come in through the back. Anyway...I hope you come visit...if we're still here. I'm kind of scared...ha. Oh yeah! I got you a present to remind you of home for your anxiety and stuff. Your mom has it. Anyhoo, miss you! Hope to see you soon! - xo Best Friend(Violet)"

* New Message! "Duuuude. I heard you moved out here. Me too! I'm right down the street! We can be neighbors again! We should meet up tonight! Bring a flashlight or you'll never find the house. Isn't it fun living in the middle of nowhere? LOL See ya. - Neighbor (Dexter)

Continue playing game and finish level 1.

* New Message! "Presidential Alert. THIS IS NOT A DRILL. This is a message from the National Wireless Emergency Alert System. Stay in your homes. Lock your doors. Be patient. Turn to channel 3 on your televisions for a presidential message. We will be sending services to your neighborhood shortly."

! CUT SCENE -- POWER SHUTS DOWN IN THE HOUSE - span through little town showing lights cutting off and "subtle town power static" turning off, amplifying forest sounds i.e. crickets, birds, etc.

* New Message! "Dude. It's Dexter. Did you get that message? Wtf was that about. What should we do?"
   1: Let's just stay at home and wait. I don't want to take any chances.
        2: Hmm..okay. I'm going to look around outside. See whats up. You stay home you BIG BABY jk
            1: Grr fine...I'll meet you halfway. Be there in a sec. 
                2: Don't forget the flashlight!
                2: And maybe some snacks...im hungry.
                    1: You're always hungry...

    1: It's got to be a prank or something. Someone probably hacked the system again. Remember when everyone freaked out over that volcano and it turned out to be a dude that pushed the wrong button? 
        2: Hahaha yeah I remember that. Alright. Well ill text you if I find anything. I'm going to go look around. You should come with! It'll be an adventure! I'm heading over right now, meet me halfway.
            1: Ugghhh damn you Dexter. Fine. See you in a bit.
                2: Don't forget the flashlight!
                2: And maybe some snacks...im hungry.
                    1: Dude it's midnight. 
                        2: What's your point?


TODO GATHER SUPPLIES 
    - flashlight
    - powerups -> granola bar(5 HP), first aid (Heal)
    - friends photo - gift from violet by the door (Lowers Fear)
AND EXIT THE HOUSE

? Scene 2 - FORESTON
- meet Dexter, add to Party
- avoid baddies & find shed
- obtain grandpa's cane(Fin) and a large wooden stick(Dexter)
- fight baddies and obtain power ups
- visit cemetary -> "a sense of dread passes through you"
- enter town center in FORESTON

? Scene 3 - FORESTON Town center








